[docs] Add note that explains that TRUNCATE is not transactional in YugabyteDB and not MVCC-safe in PostgreSQL (#17182)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_truncate.md

The [table_expr](../../../syntax_resources/grammar_diagrams/#table-expr) rule specifies syntax that is useful only when at least one other table inherits one of the tables that the `truncate` statement lists explicitly. See [this note](../ddl_alter_table#table-expr-note) for more detail. Until inheritance is supported, use a bare [table_name](../../../syntax_resources/grammar_diagrams/#table-name).
{{< /note >}}

{{< note title="Truncate is not transactional" >}}

> `TRUNCATE` in our current implementation is not transactional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TRUNCATE` in the current implementation is not transactional.
```

> We recommend against using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should avoid using TRUNCATE in the following circumstances:

```

> * truncate inside of a multi-step transaction 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* inside of a multi-step transaction 
```

> * or running truncate concurrently with our read/write operations in the same table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* concurrently with read and write operations in the same table
```

> If this is mostly for CI/CD on smaller datasets, you can use `DELETE FROM table;`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your use case is mostly for CI/CD on smaller datasets, you can use `DELETE FROM table;`.  
```

> If this is mostly for CI/CD on smaller datasets, you can use `DELETE FROM table;`.  

Reviewer: what is CI/CD?

Author: > . CI and CD stand for continuous integration and continuous delivery/continuous deployment. In very simple terms, CI is a modern software development practice in which incremental code changes are made frequently and reliably.
